Terms of Service
Last Updated: August 18th, 2022
1. Introduction
Welcome to Blockhouse (“BH”, “we” or “our”). These Terms of Service (“Terms”) govern your access to and use of the Blockhouse website(s), our APIs, and any other software, tools, features, or functionalities provided on or in connection with our services; including without limitation using our services to view, explore, and create NFTs and use our tools, at your own discretion, to connect directly with others to purchase, sell, or transfer NFTs on public blockchains. “NFT” in these Terms means a non-fungible token or similar digital item implemented on a blockchain (such as the Ethereum blockchain), which uses smart contracts to link to or otherwise be associated with certain content or data.
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS CAREFULLY. THESE TERMS AND OTHER AGREEMENTS ON THE SITE GOVERN YOUR USE OF OUR WEBSITE AND ALSO INCLUDE IMPORTANT DISCLOSURES AND REGULATORY INFORMATION THAT ARE ASSOCIATED WITH THE SERVICES AVAILABLE ON THE SITE, ALL OF WHICH ARE IMPORTANT AND AFFECT YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS, SO PLEASE READ THEM CAREFULLY.
BY ACCESSING OR USING THE SITE, YOU REPRESENT THAT (A) YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTAND, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE SITE TERMS, (B) YOU ARE OF LEGAL AGE TO FORM A BINDING CONTRACT WITH BH, AND (C) YOU HAVE THE AUTHORITY TO ENTER INTO THE TERMS OF USE PERSONALLY OR ON BEHALF OF THE ENTITY YOU HAVE NAMED AS THE REGISTERED USER, AND TO BIND THAT ENTITY TO THE SITE TERMS. THE TERM YOU REFERS TO THE INDIVIDUAL OR LEGAL ENTITY, AS APPLICABLE, IDENTIFIED AS THE REGISTERED USER WHEN YOU SUBMIT YOUR REGISTRATION INFORMATION ON THE SITE. YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE SITE TERMS DESCRIBED HEREIN AND ALL TERMS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE. YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE SITES CONSTITUTES YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF AND AGREEMENT TO ABIDE BY EACH OF THE SITE TERMS SET FORTH BELOW. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THESE SITE TERMS, DO NOT USE OUR WEBSITE.
BH act as an intermediary between the traditional renewable energy market and the decen-
tralized on-chain ecosystem. Our objective is to guarantee that owners of the tokenized pan-
els benefit at least from the same return on investment as in the traditional market, while at
the same time enjoying the high liquidity and transparency of the decentralized applications
(Dapps) of the Ethereum blockchain. In fact, it is our responsibility to ensure the quality
and authenticity of the solar panels we tokenize, redistribute the energy revenue fairly and
consistently to the solar panel holders, and offer solar token owners the existing Defi pos-
sibilities of the Ethereum blockchain. In the context of BH, the ecosystem gravitates around
three Ethereum compatible (ERC) tokens.
 
BH reserves the right to change or modify these Terms at any time and in our sole discretion. If we make material changes to these Terms, we will use reasonable efforts to provide notice of such changes, such as by providing notice through the Service or updating the “Last Updated” date at the beginning of these Terms. By continuing to access or use the Service, you confirm your acceptance of the revised Terms and all of the terms incorporated therein by reference effective as of the date these Terms are updated. It is your sole responsibility to review the Terms from time to time to view such changes and to ensure that you understand the terms and conditions that apply when you access or use the Service.
 
2. Accessing the Service
 
THIS SERVICE IS INTENDED FOR CITIZENS OF MEMBER STATES OF THE EUROPEAN UNION. DO NOT USE THIS SERVICE IF THIS REQUIREMENT DOES NOT APPLY TO YOU.
 
Your blockchain address functions as your identity on BH. Accordingly, you will need a blockchain address and a third-party wallet to access the Service.
 
By using your wallet in connection with the Service, you agree that you are using that wallet under the terms and conditions of the applicable provider of the wallet. Wallets are not operated by, maintained by, or affiliated with BH, and BH does not have custody or control over the contents of your wallet and has no ability to retrieve or transfer its contents. BH accepts no responsibility for, or liability to you, in connection with your use of a wallet and makes no representations or warranties regarding how the Service will operate with any specific wallet. You are solely responsible for keeping your wallet secure and you should never share your wallet credentials or seed phrase with anyone. If you discover an issue related to your wallet, please contact your wallet provider. Likewise, you are solely responsible for your Account and any associated wallet, and we are not liable for any acts or omissions by you in connection with your Account or as a result of your Account or wallet being compromised. You agree to immediately notify us if you discover or otherwise suspect any security issues related to the Service or your Account
 
You also represent and warrant that you will comply with all applicable laws (e.g., local, state, federal and other laws) when using the Service. Without limiting the foregoing, by using the Service, you represent and warrant that: (a) you are not located in, ordinarily resident in, or organized under the laws of any jurisdiction that is subject to a comprehensive U.S. Government embargo ("Embargoed Jurisdiction"); (b) you are not subject to any sanctions administered by an agency of the U.S. Government, any other government, or the United Nations (collectively, “Sanctions”); (c) you are not owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by any person that is subject to Sanctions, or that is located in, ordinarily resident in, or organized under the laws of, any Embargoed Jurisdiction; (d) none of your officers, managers, directors, shareholders or authorized representatives is subject to Sanctions, or is located in, ordinarily resident in, or organized under the laws of, any Embargoed Jurisdiction, or is owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by any person that is subject to Sanctions or that is located in, ordinarily resident in, or organized under the laws of, any Embargoed Jurisdiction. You further covenant that the foregoing shall be true during the entire period of this agreement. If you access or use the Service outside the Federal Republic of Germany, you are solely responsible for ensuring that your access and use of the Service in such country, territory or jurisdiction does not violate any applicable laws.
BH may require you to provide additional information and documents in certain circumstances, such as at the request of any government authority, as any applicable law or regulation dictates, or to investigate a potential violation of these Terms. In such cases, BH, in its sole discretion, may block your ability to access the Service until such additional information and documents are processed by BH. If you do not provide complete and accurate information in response to such a request, BH may refuse to restore your access to the Service.
Your access and use of the Service may be interrupted from time to time for any of several reasons, including, without limitation, the malfunction of equipment, periodic updating, maintenance, or repair of the Service or other actions that BH, in its sole discretion, may elect to take.
We require all users to be at least 18 years old.
 
3. No Financial Advice
BH is not a registered broker-dealer, funding portal, or investment advisor and does not conduct any activity that would require such registration. None of the information contained on the Sites constitutes a recommendation by BH or its affiliates to buy or sell any securities or other assets. The information contained in the Sites has been prepared without reference to any particular user’s investment requirements or financial situation. The Sites do not offer financial advice or recommend investments. We recommend that you consult with qualified professionals prior to making actual investments or financial decisions. Any information available through the Sites is not offered as financial advice and should not be the basis for actual financial activities. We are not liable for any reliance on information available through the Sites by you or anyone who you may inform of its contents.
 
 
4. Limitation of Liability
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, YOU AGREE THAT IN NO EVENT WILL BH OR ITS SERVICE PROVIDERS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY LOST PROFIT OR ANY INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ARISING FROM THESE TERMS OR THE SERVICE, PRODUCTS OR THIRD-PARTY SITES AND PRODUCTS, OR FOR ANY DAMAGES RELATED TO LOSS OF REVENUE, LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF BUSINESS OR ANTICIPATED SAVINGS, LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF GOODWILL, OR LOSS OF DATA, AND WHETHER CAUSED BY STRICT LIABILITY OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), BREACH OF CONTRACT, OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF FORESEEABLE AND EVEN IF BH OR ITS SERVICE PROVIDERS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES; OR (B) FOR ANY OTHER CLAIM, DEMAND, OR DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM OR ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS OF THE DELIVERY, USE, OR PERFORMANCE OF THE SERVICE. ACCESS TO, AND USE OF, THE SERVICE, PRODUCTS OR THIRD-PARTY SITES, AND PRODUCTS ARE AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK, AND YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR MOBILE DEVICE OR LOSS OF DATA RESULTING THEREFROM.
NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED HEREIN, IN NO EVENT SHALL THE MAXIMUM AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF BH ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO THESE TERMS, THE ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE SERVICE, CONTENT, NFTS, OR ANY BH PRODUCTS OR SERVICES EXCEED THE GREATER OF (A) $100 OR (B) THE AMOUNT RECEIVED BY BH FOR ITS SERVICE DIRECTLY RELATING TO THE ITEMS THAT ARE THE SUBJECT OF THE CLAIM. THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS WILL APPLY EVEN IF THE ABOVE STATED REMEDY FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.
Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you. Some jurisdictions also limit disclaimers or limitations of liability for personal injury from consumer products, so this limitation may not apply to personal injury claims.
 
5. Applicable Law and Venue
These Site Terms and your use of the Sites shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany, applicable to agreements made and to be entirely performed within the Federal Republic of Germany, without resort to its conflict of law provisions. You agree that any action at law or in equity arising out of or relating to these Site Terms shall be filed only in the state and federal courts located in the Federal Republic of Germany and you hereby irrevocably and unconditionally consent and submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts over any suit, action or proceeding arising out of these Site Terms.
 
 
6. Privacy Policy
Please refer to our Privacy Policy for information about how we collect, use, and share personal data about you. By submitting personal data through our Service, you agree to the terms of our Privacy Policy, and you expressly consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of your personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy.
 
 
7. Severability
If any provision of these Site Terms shall be deemed unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these Site Terms and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.